Document guiding principles for Baseline (#267)
ossf/security-baseline: docs/index.md

* [In-development version](versions/devel)

Versions are managed according to the [Baseline maintenance process](maintenance).

## Guiding principles

> The goal of the OSPS Baseline is to be useful to maintainers as a mechanism for evaluating and communicating a project's security posture.
> In addition, OSPS Baseline must help consumers of open source software more easily evaluate their compliance requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OSPS Baseline controls help project maintainers understand security best practices and expectations. Assessing a project's compliance against the controls helps maintainers and project consumers understand where the project excels at security and where it has room to improve. Project consumers can then use the assessment results to understand how their usage of the project impacts their own security and compliance goals.
```
